Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to our new section here on Discourse on Ruby.
And in this story, we will cover this section of you.
So in this section, we are going to be covering four important topics.
The theme topic for this section is exception handling.
So in the first part of the section, we will be discussing about the introduction to exceptions.
In the second part of the sections, we will deal with the exception class hierarchy.
And you are going to see the types of exceptions and then the hierarchy that is followed in each exception
clause.
So that is going to be a part of the second part of this section.
In the third part of the section, we are going to go on, with some exception, objects and functions.
And in the final part of this section, we are going to see how to manually raise some kind of exceptions,
which you want to do.
So this is going to be all about exceptions.
And it is also a very important section because the exception is a very important concept in any programming
language.
So I guess that's it for this tutorial.
And the next story will start on with the introduction to exception.
So thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next Dorio.